WRT-212 Add data requirements (#26)
tradingview/rest_integrations_docs: source/data/History.rst

History
-------

TradingView needs the `/history`_ endpoint to:

* fill the database with deep history,
* compensate data from `/streaming`_ in case of problems.

After initial filling of the database, TradingView makes regular requests to `/history`_ endpoint to keep the data relevant.
TradingView data feed requests 1-minute bars for the whole day per request.
Requests are made sequentially from the current time to the past. 

Data requirements
..................

Your data should meet the following requirements:

- The data must be real, from the production environment preferably. Otherwise, integration tests will fail.

> - Real-time data obtained from the `/streaming`_ endpoint must match the historical data obtained from `/history`_. The allowed count of mismatched bars (candles) must not exceed 5% for frequently traded symbols. Otherwise, integration into TradingView is not possible.

Reviewer: I'd say `number/amount` instead of `count`. Also the words `allowed` and `must not` are kind of repeating. I suggest to remove one of them.
```suggestion
- Real-time data obtained from the `/streaming`_ endpoint must match the historical data obtained from `/history`_. The number of mismatched bars (candles) must not exceed 5% for frequently traded symbols. Otherwise, integration into TradingView is not possible.
```
or
```suggestion
- Real-time data obtained from the `/streaming`_ endpoint must match the historical data obtained from `/history`_. The allowed number of mismatched bars (candles) does not exceed 5% for frequently traded symbols. Otherwise, integration into TradingView is not possible.
```

- The data must not include unreasonable price gaps, historical data gaps on 1-minute, daily resolutions (temporal gaps), and incorrect prices (adhesions).

> - The daily bar time should be 00:00 UTC and expected to be a trading day, not a day when the session starts.

Reviewer: Don't know if this line is obvious for all users. Might be useful to add a small example like you've provided me in slack.

- The monthly bar time should be 00:00 UTC and be the first trading day of the month.

TradingView requests `/history`_ until the date that the broker reported in the **Data requirements form**. Without this
date, TradingView requests history up to 1800 year.

Response example
.................

> Requests to `/history`_ consist of ``from`` and ``to`` parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Requests to `/history`_ consist of the ``from`` and ``to`` parameters.
```

      17.36
    ]
  }

No data in requested period
############################

If there is no data in the requested period, consider the following:

> - Set the status code to ``no_data`` or return an empty response in case there is no historical data in the previous periods.

Reviewer: List points are not on the separate lines.
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/22204671/207012920-2d2d74d5-355d-491e-b7ac-85bd6b85a2c2.png)
